Relativ hum (#26)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-nwp-demos: README.md

> - [**01_retrieve_process_precip.ipynb**](01_retrieve_process_precip.ipynb)- Retrieve and load precipitation forecasts as an Xarray object, then process, analyze, and visualize the data using Python tools.

Reviewer: fixing the em dash which is not the same for that point
```suggestion
- [**01_retrieve_process_precip.ipynb**](01_retrieve_process_precip.ipynb) — Retrieve and load precipitation forecasts as an Xarray object, then process, analyze, and visualize the data using Python tools.
```

- [**02_download_soil_temp.ipynb**](02_download_soil_temp.ipynb) — Download forecast files to disk for offline storage, external tools, or advanced manual processing.
- [**03_calculate_wind_speed.ipynb**](03_calculate_wind_speed.ipynb) — Retrieve wind component forecasts as Xarray objects and derive the horizontal wind speed using the Python library [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).

> - [**04_determine_relative_hum.ipynb**](04_determine_relative_hum.ipynb) — Retrieve specific humidity, temperatur and pressure as Xarray objects and derive the relative humidity using the Python library [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**04_determine_relative_hum.ipynb**](04_determine_relative_hum.ipynb) — Retrieve specific humidity, temperature and pressure as Xarray objects and compute relative humidity using [meteodata-lab](https://meteoswiss.github.io/meteodata-lab/).
```
